====== SYSTEM DISCUSSION.
The main landing page shows ALL the data, which will show the 113 years of data (13k+ records) present in our larger dataset.
From here we can investigate year, season and month data records, from this we would narrow down the data based on the users specifications, allowing them to select specific year, then narrowing down to the season, then to the season.

This will show the average temperature of London based on X.

The algorithm/process as such is that we're going too:
 - Read from the data file (large data set)
 - Search criteria (year, season, month) EG: Can look at seasons for all 113 years.

TOP LEVEL - Restrictive, extract data from the year.
MID LEVEL - Seasons over 113 years.
BOT LEVEL - Simular, but for month.
Will still show volumes, will still show months, but will be pre year.

The main landing page will cover 113 years of data (13k+ records) present in our larger dataset.
Button 1 - Allows to search for a specific year or a range of years.
Button 2 - Allows to search for a specific month or a range of months.
Button 3 - Allows to search for a specific season or a range of season.
This is a high level cut of the 13,000 records that we have present.

From Button 1 (year).
Either this will be a same screen (or a different one, what works best for programmers) when background is done this decision 



SPECIFICATION DOCUMENT NOTES
---------

Work flow: CONCEPT - LOGICAL - PHYSICAL

Spec document --
Describe the insights into your chosen data and how data would be explored:
=====
Using historical data throughout the years of 1900 and 2013 to be able to signify changes between the temperatures of England, and allowing the user to narrow down and pin point different seasons and months for years. Data will be explored by allowing user to select year and then narrow down the data with drop down boxes and radio boxes. Part of the design, which makes it efficient. (Changing vars in tables and data to make it easier to change, ect.)

User page, used for viewing all the data and you can click either month/year/season, with a drop down choice, leading to another page, provides a data visualisation - allow the user to search with the queries, and with range, ect. It will become more flexable, and dynamic, as the user drills down on the data with the data changing, being dynamically changing graphs shown. 

Seasons, Pie chart.
Range of temperatures across the years, Bar chart. (Broken down).
Years, Bar chart/Horizontal Chart. - The 113 years will be split into 16 data points, temperatures Y Axis.
Months, Bar chart/Horizontal Chart. 

Requirement (or purpose) of the application and data)
====
System that we're devleoping is designed too provide the end user with a functional capibility for searching data events between 1900 and 2013. This is underpinned by 3,000+ records captured during this time period by X.

Also, justification of why Algorithm was chosen: 
====
Aiming at the general public, shows the data visualisation more clearly, chosen for specific audience use, customercentric. Originally considered NetworkX however it wasn't suitable for the kinds of graphs wanted to create, as such we decided to utilize Matplotlib, as it would allow us to generate the type of graphs needed.

Conclude with an indepth description and discussion of the system itself, and how it will work (walthrough with the system and how it works, and why it is designed how it is designed).

reference: https://www.kaggle.com/yamqwe/global-climate-change-datae?select=GlobalLandTemperaturesByMajorCity.csv